[INTER-19] SPA improvements (#77)
fingerprintjs/fingerprintjs-pro-spa: README.md

```js
// with async/await
await fpjsClient.init()

const visitorData = await fpjsClient.getVisitorData()

// with promises
const visitorData = fpjsClient.init().then(() => {
  return fpjsClient.getVisitorData()
})
```

> :You can also pass the load options here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also pass the `loadOptions` into the `init` method here. They will be merged with the options passed to the constructor.  
```
